1 st May 2020

Knowingly or unknowingly every human is doing pollution? 

How?

By using Plastic.

We are producing over 300 million tons of plastic every year, 50% of which is for single-use purposes – utilized for just a few moments, but on the planet for at least several hundred years

Plastic waste is one of many types of wastes that take too long to decompose. Normally, plastic items take up to 1000 years to decompose in landfills. But plastic bags we use in our everyday life take 10-20 years to decompose, while plastic bottles take 450 years

The world uses over 500 billion plastic bags a year – that's 150 for each person on Earth. 8.3 billion plastic straws pollute the world's beaches, but only 1% of straws end up as waste in the ocean. By 2020 the number of plastics in the sea will be higher than the number of fish.

we drink a bottle of water within an hour.

If that plastic is not getting recycled that stay on earth still 450 Years.

We eat a packet of chips within a few minutes.
that plastic stays at least 20.

Plastics occur serious environmental pollution such as soil pollution, water pollution, and air pollution. Application of proper rules and regulations for the production and use of plastics can reduce the toxic effects of plastics on human health and environment

Burning of plastic in the open air leads to environmental pollution due to the release of poisonous chemicals. The polluted air when inhaled by humans and animals affect their health and can cause respiratory problems

Plastic bags Harming soil. ... When plastic is burned they release toxic chemicals that are deposited in soil and surface water and on plants. Chlorinated plastic can release harmful chemicals into the surrounding soil, which can then into groundwater or other surrounding water sources and also the ecosystem.


if this continues to happen within a few decades earth will be the unliveable place.

we need tight regulation all over the world. 

from small scale factory's to Big giant company's all over the earth should have the same and tight regulating. For a few selfish people and for their profits still most of the country are not implementing tight regulation. 

Policy are made my human and made for humans.

EVERY YEAR PLASTIC IS GROWING!!!

what steps are you taking ?

what should be the policys all over the earth for plastic polution ?

Join EarthPoll

Made by humans for humans.

feel free to comment your thoughts.
